[Music]
today I am going to show you how to
prepare samosa the ingredients are onion
potato turmeric powder red chilli powder
red chili flakes garam masala pardon
teen chili carom seeds ginger garlic
paste and floor
heat the pan with oil saute with
ginger-garlic paste
Dennard green chile
and crushed coriander seeds
cook on medium-high heat for about 30
seconds then add chopped onion
fry onions till golden brown in color
the night turmeric powder
red chili powder
red chilly flakes
and garam masala powder
mix well
[Music]
Dennard
one cup of water
cooked spices on medium heat for about
60 seconds
then add some salt
and mashed potatoes
mix well
and keep aside now take four add carom
sea salt and oil
mix well
and add water little by little and knead
into a stiff dough
make small rolls of dough
and roll it into a four to five diameter
circle
now cut it
into two parts like semicircle take one
semicircle and fold it like a cone
use water
while making cone
now you can see the cone is ready
put 2 TSP of filling
in the cone
and see in the third part
using a drop of water
you can see the samosa is ready now heat
the oil in a car hi
and deep fry the samosas
deep fried sandwich on low heat till
golden brown in color
and serve hot with your favorite sauce
we subscribed to my youtube channel for
more videos thank you
[Music]